Documentation updates (#3)
Splunk-SOAR-Apps/.github: profile/README.md

# Splunk> SOAR

Welcome to the Splunk> SOAR Community! SOAR is Splunk's premier Security Automation, Orchestration, and Response ("SOAR") platform. With it, our customers can automate entire or partial workflows for their employees across an infinite number of use-cases.

This [GitHub organization](https://docs.github.com/en/organizations/collaborating-with-groups-in-organizations/about-organizations) represents our efforts to open-source our SOAR Apps so our customers can look at how our code works, make improvements, and generally build a stronger community through the free exchange of ideas.

## SOAR
For more information on SOAR, please have a look at our pages:

- [Splunk> SOAR product page](https://www.splunk.com/en_us/software/splunk-security-orchestration-and-automation.html)
- [Splunk> SOAR community page](https://my.phantom.us)
- [SOAR Buyer's Guide](https://www.splunk.com/en_us/form/the-soar-buyers-guide.html)

### SOAR Community
If you'd like to join our community chat, head over to [https://my.phantom.us](https://my.phantom.us) to sign up for a free account and you'll be invited to our Slack community. 

---

## Reporting Issues

> If you've found a problem with an app but don't want to contribute a fix, that's ok! All you need to do is go to the [Issues](https://github.com/splunk-soar-apps/phawslambda/issues) section of the app repo and click 'New Issue'. This will show our conviniently set-up Issue templates. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you've found a problem with an app but don't want to contribute a fix, that's ok! All you need to do is go to the [Issues](https://github.com/splunk-soar-apps/phawslambda/issues) section of the app repo and click 'New Issue'. The page that appears will show our convenient issue templates. 
```

also specifically referencing the lambda repo again

![Issues Templates](../.github/Images/Github-Issue-Templates.png)

All you have to do is fill out the form...

![Bug Report](../.github/Images/Github-Bug-Template.png) 

...and it'll get reviewed and priortized by our developers and maybe even someone in our community.

Of course before you do this, you should definitely check if there is already an open issue and if so, add a thumbs-up reaction to it so we can get a sense of how to prioritize it.

---

## Feature Requests
Have a feature or an app you'd like to see in SOAR? Head over to the [Splunk Ideas](https://ideas.splunk.com) portal to make your voice heard!

---

## Contributing
If you would like to contribute to our Apps directly, please have a look at our [Contribution Guide](https://github.com/splunk-soar-apps/.github/blob/main/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md)

---

## Legal and License

> All SOAR Apps in this repository are licensed under the Apache 2.0 license. Please see [LICENSE](https://github.com/splunk-soar-apps/.github/blob/main/LICENSE) file and [CONTRIBUTING](https://github.com/splunk-soar-apps/.github/blob/main/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) documentation for further details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All SOAR Apps in this GitHub organization are licensed under the Apache 2.0 license. Please see [LICENSE](https://github.com/splunk-soar-apps/.github/blob/main/LICENSE) file and [CONTRIBUTING](https://github.com/splunk-soar-apps/.github/blob/main/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) documentation for further details.
```
